Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"...
(Sylvio)
Yuya Sakaki's going to pay!
He's the one
who did this to me!
He tried to hide behind
that mask, but I know!
(Skip Boyle)
You're Henrietta Akaba.
Yes. Chairwoman of
the Leo Institute of Dueling.
Why don't we all
have a little talk?
Yuya made a fool
of our student!
(gasping)
This is now about honor,
honor that we have all lost
but that we will
soon restore
by way of our students
battling in a duel.
If your school wins,
then I'll forget about
the Yuya incident.
But if we win the duel,
the Leo Institute will take over
the You Show Duel School.
We will have
three separate matches
between three duelists
from my school
and three from yours.
The one facing Yuya
will be Dipper.
It's showtime!
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Bring it on, Dipper.
I'm ready for your very best!
Hmm.
Yuya's quite sure of himself.
Now we'll get to see
if he has the right to be.
Proceed, Dipper!
Give Yuya
a celestial smackdown!
With great pleasure,
Madame Chairwoman!
Let's get this started!
First, I summon
Constellar Algiedi!
What makes this star‐studded
monster so special?
When she's on the field,
I'm allowed to summon
another Constellar monster
from my hand.
So, come on out,
Level 4 Constellar Kaus.
And he's got a stellar
special ability, too.
Twice per turn,
I can raise the level
of one Constellar monster
on the field by one.
So, for Kaus' first
bolstering bow blast,
I'm aiming to level up
Constellar Algiedi!
And for his second shot,
I think I'll have Kaus rain down
a level raise on himself.
You know what
that lets me do?
I overlay these two
level‐five Constellars
in order to build
the Overlay Network.
I Xyz Summon rank five
Constellar Pleiades!
Whoa, no way!
He Xyz'd?
What's a rank?
Did he mean level?
(Sora)
No, but allow me to take your
thinking to the next level.
Okay, so this here
is how it works.
When you overlay multiple
monsters with the same level,
you can summon an Xyz monster
from your extra deck.
That's an Xyz Summon.
And instead of having
a level,
an Xyz monster has
what's called a rank.
(Allie)
Okay, but what are those lights
around it?
(Sora)
Those are overlay units.
Xyz Monsters use them
to activate
their special abilities.
Ah!
That'll do for now.
I'll end my turn.
(Henrietta)
Guess now we'll find out
if Yuya is really the duelist
everyone's making him out to be
or if he's just a dud.
Okay, I draw!
I'll use Stargazer Magician
and Timegazer Magician
to set the Pendulum Scale.
I'm taking control of this duel
starting now!
Aw, yeah!
This is how you give an audience
a show!
I'm allowed to summon monsters
from level 2 through level 7
all at the same time!
Swing far, pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
It's your turn
to take the stage.
Performapal Sword Fish
and Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon.
Yay!
This is better
than a blutwurst strudel!
Pendulum summoning,
what a sight.
So, this is
the new duel technique
I've been hearing about.
That's right, and it's gonna be
the star of this show
and what saves our school
from you.
(Zuzu)
I sure hope you're right, Yuya,
'cause if you're not,
it'll be class dismissed
for good!
(Dipper)
Okay, then, Yuya,
if this is the star attraction,
let's see it shine.
We are all waiting.
I activate my Sword Fish's
special ability.
I'll get right to the point.
Once per turn,
it can slice and dice
your monster's attack points
by 600.
Gong likes!
Now Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
has more attack points.
That's right.
And because it does,
I now attack Pleiades
with Odd‐Eyes.
(Dipper)
Seriously? Like I didn't see
this coming.
I activate
Pleiades's ability!
Now, by using an Overlay Unit,
one card on the field
immediately returns
to the hand it came from.
And the card I choose
is Odd‐Eyes!
(screaming)
This might hurt.
(groaning)
Yuya!
(groans)
That smarts.
Looks like the star attraction
got a bad case of stage fright.
We'll see.
Now what, Yuya?
Now I'm in trouble
because without my Odd‐Eyes,
I don't have a monster
that can take out Pleiades.
(grunts)
Unless...
Going somewhere, Yuya?
(Yuya)
If I can get to where that star
hit that temple,
there should be an Action Card
waiting!
(grunts)
(Dipper laughing)
Let me guess, Yuya.
You're looking
for this, right?
No way! How doyou
have it already?
Like I said before,
space is my style of play.
I know everything
about this field
and its Action Cards,
so you really don't
stand a chance.
(groans)
(Dipper)
See? It's pointless.
(laughing)
Might be.
Gong sure is mad.
How can Yuya win like this?
I don't know.
It's like we've played right
into the Chairwoman's hands.
(chuckling)
Yuya, it's my fault!
I chose the field!
Forgive me!
I'm sorry!
(Dipper)
He can stuff his sorrys
in a sack.
The bottom line is
I've never lost on this field
and I don't plan on
starting now.
Especially to a second‐rate
duel school flunky like you.
Yeah? We'll just see
about that.
I end my turn
with a facedown!
(Dipper)
Then, you know what that means.
Your Fishy's ability ends,
and Pleiades's attack points
return to normal.
So much for Yuya being
the next big thing.
(Dipper)
Ha! Your Pendulum Summoning
technique
is nothing compared
to my Xyz Summoning!
And the You Show School
is no match for team Leo.
(scoffs)
Now, then, it's my go!
First, Constellar Pleiades
attacks Performapal Sword Fish!
(screaming)
Yuya!
(groans)
(all gasping)
You're getting
what you deserve, Yuya,
for what you did
to my classmate Sylvio,
for putting him
in the hospital.
For the last time, Dipper...
that wasn't me!
So typical.
First you lie about
the power of the pendulum,
and now you're lying about
what you did to Sylvio.
The power of Pendulum
summoning is true!
Not from what I've seen.
I'll play one card
on the field facedown,
and that's my turn.
(Yuya)
This isn't good.
So long as Pleiades
has an Overlay Unit to use,
it won't matter
what monster I play.
It'll just be returned
to my hand.
Although, he does have
just one Overlay Unit left.
Okay, my draw!
And now for an encore.
Go!
Pendulum Summon!
Now make your way
to the stage
Performapal Turn Toad
and once again,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Ohh...
Come on, Yuya,
a rerun monster already?
How's that entertainment?
You're just gonna
have to wait and see.
Oh.
And you're not gonna have to
wait very long,
'cause here goes.
Huh?
Yes!
Get set, Odd‐Eyes!
(roaring)
Seems he's going
for the Action Card once more.
I guess he didn't learn
his lesson the first time.
Why's he taking such a risk?
Gong doesn't know.
Gong's never seen him duel
with such abandon.
Sometimes it's like
he's a different person.
(Zuzu)
Different person.
Could it be?
Must get to that card.
I activate Pleiades's
special ability!
Now, by using one Overlay Unit,
Odd‐Eyes returns to your hand.
(screaming)
Uh‐oh, shut your eyes!
This could be bad!
(grunting)
(screaming)
Yuya!
Do something!
Sure.
Let's try this!
I play the Trap
Performapal Revival!
Since a special ability made
my Odd‐Eyes leave the field,
I can summon one Performapal
back from my graveyard.
Get set to slice
and dice, Sword Fish.
(whimpering)
(Dipper)
Way to hang in there.
That is not funny!
So, how does Yuya
get out of this?
Like a pendulum.
He swings.
(grunting)
You baited me
with that Pendulum Dragon,
but it won't matter.
I play Cosmic Arrow!
And it's aiming
to take out that Action Spell
you just picked up.
So, what are you
going to do now?
I end my turn.
I'm out of moves.
But Pleiades is also
out of Overlay Units,
which means
my Performapals are safe.
My turn! I draw!
I summon Constellar Sombre.
So, say hello.
And now say good‐bye
to any chance you had
of winning this duel.
Because with Sombre's
ability,
by banishing a Constellar
monster from my graveyard,
I can add to my hand a different
Constellar from my graveyard,
and I choose Constellar Kaus.
But I'm not done yet, Yuya,
because on the turn that
this ability is activated,
guess what,
I'm allowed to summon it too.
Two monsters
with the same level?
Then, that means...
Hold on.
I still have Kaus's
ability to play. Ha!
As you may remember,
with it,
I can increase a monster's level
by one twice per turn.
And the two monsters
I'll be targeting
with this enhancing effect
are Sombre and Kaus.
Level 5? Not good.
Not for you it isn't,
because now I overlay
Constellar Sombre and Kaus!
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon
another Rank 5
Constellar Pleiades!
So, now there's
two of them?
(chuckles)
That's right,
but don't you worry.
This power‐packed pair
won't be together for long.
One of them has got far better
things to do,
or perhaps I should say
a far better monster that
it's about to create right now.
I was afraid that it was
going this way.
The stars are in alignment.
By overlaying
Constellar Pleiades,
I can Xyz Summon
another even stronger
Constellar monster!
Even stronger? How?
Observe for yourself,
Yuya.
Observe the great,
the mighty,
Rank 6
Constellar Ptolemy M7!
(Henrietta)
Perhaps now you all understand
why it's best the Leo Institute
take over your teachings.
That is, if we even go so far
as to re‐admit any of you.
(chuckling)
(gasps)
Turn Toad, spring to it!
Come on, hurry!
Not so fast.
I activate Constellar Pleiades's
ability.
By using one Overlay Unit,
Performapal Turn Toad
leaps back into your hand.
(whimpering, groaning)
And now,
Pleiades, attack Sword Fish!
(screaming)
(both gasp)
(Yuya)
An Action Card!
Yuya, look out!
(Yusho)
Never forget, son,
when the show must go on,
you must go all out.
(echoing)
You got it, Dad!
(chuckles)
All right!
He nabbed it!
No way.
This can't be.
Yes, it can, and now this show's
gonna keep on goin' on!
(Sora)
Way to go, Yuya!
(Skip Boyle)
Awesome play!
(Tate and Allie)
You're our hero!
I love a hero sandwich!
This duel's ending
right here and now.
Constellar Ptolemy M7,
attack Yuya!
I activate the Action Spell
Twinkle Comet!
Now until
the end of the turn,
Ptolemy M7's attack points
decrease by 1,000,
and you take 500 points
of damage.
(screaming)
You fool!
All you've done
is prolong the inevitable.
But if you want to experience
more duel suffering,
works for me!
I activate the spell card
Constellar Tempest!
Only when I have two or more
Xyz Monsters on my field
can this storm get brewing,
or perhaps I should say
firestorm!
(screaming)
And this fire'll take its toll
on your life points,
torching them in half
when I end my turn.
So, I'll end it right now.
(screaming)
And that also means
Ptolemy M7's attack points
go back to normal.
You're all mine next round.
This duel is over.
(Frederick)
Not yet it's not.
(Allie)
Yeah, how do you know?
Because dueling's
a business,
and when you treat it that way,
you're sure to win.
(Yuya)
No!
Huh?
Dueling's about...
(groans)
...the passion
of your play.
(gasps)
By seeing the passion
of their play.
(Yuya)
It's like I said before.
Dueling's not a business
at all.
It's a show business.
And now it's showtime!
First up...
I summon
Performapal Trampolynx!
And when this feline
takes to the field,
I'm allowed to return one card
in play back to my hand.
(meow)
And I choose
the Scale 1 Stargazer Magician.
Wait.
But he was part of the Pendulum.
Ya, so now what?
Now, 'cause Stargazer left,
I get to replace him
with another monster
of my choosing.
And I choose Turn Toad.
(gasps)
Huh?!
And after you see
what's next,
you're gonna flip,
because now
with the Scale 3 Turn Toad
and Scale 8 Timegazer,
I have a brand‐new
pendulum scale to work with.
And this
premiere performance
is totally going to have you
on the edge of your seat.
I can now summon any monsters
from levels 4 through 7.
Ready or not,
here... they... come!
First, I'll cast Stargazer
Magician in a starring role.
So, instead of being part
of the pendulum,
he's now purely a monster.
And now
for the super‐starring role,
give it up one more time
for...
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
It again? No worries.
Because I activate
Constellar Pleiades's ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
Odd‐Eyes returns
to your hand.
Yeah, but it won't be gone
for too long.
Huh?
And it's all thanks
to Stargazer's ability!
With it, once per turn,
if a Pendulum Monster
on my field leaves,
I'm allowed to summon it
right back.
And this time
it's here to stay.
(roaring)
But I'm not done
just yet.
Next, I activate
another ability.
Turn Toad's Pendulum
ability, to be exact.
I can flip a monster's
attack and defense points.
And the monster
whose points I'll be swapping
is Stargazer Magician.
Ah?
Next I activate
the spell card
Magical Star Illusion.
Since Stargazer Magician
is out and about,
I add up the levels
of all of my monsters,
and they gain attack points
equal to a hundred times
the total.
And it's not just me.
You get to do
the exact same thing
with your monsters,
Dipper.
Whoa, do the math.
This has the potential
to be really big!
Odd‐Eyes is Level 7,
and Stargazer is 5.
Trampolynx is Level 2,
so that's 14.
Multiply that amount
by 100,
and Yuya's monsters
gain 1,400 attack points!
Ya, but won't all of Dipper's
monsters rise in power, too?
No, they won't.
Oh, yeah!
Xyz monsters only have ranks!
So, Dipper's monsters
won't change at all!
This can't be happening!
Looks like you taking me down
just wasn't in the stars.
Now, Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon,
attack Constellar Ptolemy M7!
Go Spiral Flame Strike!
(screaming)
(Yuya)
Now, Stargazer Magician,
attack Pleiades!
Astronomy Attack!
(whimpering)
And now for the big finisher.
Trampolynx,
attack Dipper directly!
(Dipper)
Wait. No. I'm allergic.
(screaming)
(Yuya)
That's a wrap!
Hope you all
enjoyed the show.
Oh, yeah!
Here come the waterworks!
Ohh...
(laughing)
Thank you! Thank you!
(Zuzu)
I wish I could enjoy this
with the others,
but Yuya said
to trust my heart,
and my heart's more confused
than ever.
What now?
♪ You vs. me ♪
♪ Competition
for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best ♪
♪ One day
you make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers
come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win
the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead
and make your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel ♪
♪ You can't beat
my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn
your tricks ♪
♪ Now what will
you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel
the power?) ♪
♪